Update method-parameters.md (#42684)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/method-parameters.md

  - If the method assigns the parameter to refer to a different object, those changes **aren't** visible from the caller.
  - If the method modifies the state of the object referred to by the parameter, those changes **are** visible from the caller.
- When you pass a *value* type *by reference*:

>   - If the method assigns the parameter to refer to a different object, those changes **are** visible from the caller.

Reviewer: Since this keeps coming up, how about this language instead:

```suggestion
  - If the method assigns the parameter to refer to a different object using `ref =`, those changes **aren't** visible from the caller.
```
